Update implicit-casts flag example (#3337)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/analysis-options.md

`implicit-casts: <bool>`
: A value of `false` ensures that the type inference engine never
  implicitly casts from `dynamic` to a more specific type.
  The following valid Dart code
  includes an implicit downcast that would be caught by this flag:

{:.fails-sa}
<?code-excerpt "../null_safety_examples/analysis/lib/assignment.dart (implicit-downcast)" replace="/(s = )(o)/$1[!$2!]/g"?>
{% prettify dart class="analyzer" %}
dynamic o = ...
String s = [!o!]; // Implicit downcast
String s2 = s.substring(1);
{% endprettify %}

{:.console-output}
<?code-excerpt "../null_safety_examples/analysis/analyzer-results.txt" retain="/'dynamic' can't be assigned to a variable of type 'String'/" replace="/. • (lib|test)\/\w+\.dart:\d+:\d+//g"?>
```nocode
error - A value of type 'dynamic' can't be assigned to a variable of type 'String' at lib/assignment.dart:11:14 - (invalid_assignment)
```

> {{site.alert.version-note}}
> With a [language version][] before Dart 2.12, 
> this flag also catches implicit downcasts from others types,
> but support for those was removed from the language.
> {{site.alert.end}}

Reviewer: I had a slightly different version in the works... not sure it's better.
Also, I think we usually indent these notes.

```suggestion
{{site.alert.version-note}}
  In packages that use a [language version][] before 2.12
  (when support for [null safety][] was introduced),
  code can implicitly downcast from non-`dynamic` types such as `Object`.
  The `implicit-casts` flag can catch those non-`dynamic` downcasts,
  even if you're using a more recent Dart SDK.
{{site.alert.end}}

  [null safety]: /null-safety
```

Author: I like that this yours is more specific, not only about the language version meaning but also in what cases this will catch before 2.12. Thanks!
